[AUDIO LOGO]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: I'd like
to ask a lot of questions
about dream time.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: In
the asking, it is given.
Those parts of self that are
not keeping the body alive
can leave the body and
have other experiences.
We are only encased in
this physical existence
by permission, but we
are of no space and time.
Belief is the
barrier between you
and your multidimensional
experiences.
>>REGINA: Is it a little
bit painful to watch
from the other side?
>>GILLETTE: It's
a bit frustrating.
Theo's encouraged us before we
even put our feet on the floor
in the morning, think of one
thing we're grateful for,
one thing we're proud
of ourselves for,
and the third thing that I do--
>>REGINA: Have you ever had
the experience of tandem dreams
with another person?
How about sleep paralysis?
And what about
out-of-body experiences?
Sheila Gillette is
back with us today.
And Theo is going to explain
how each one of these
work from a mechanical point
of view from their perspective.
And I really want to--
welcome again, Sheila.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, Regina.
It's so good to
be with you again.
>>REGINA: It's always
wonderful being together.
I have to say that this is
something that has always
interested me because
we read books about it,
but they don't really
explain the mechanics.
This aspect of
your being is gone.
And when you bring it back
into a bad way, improper way,
or too quickly, it can be
very harmful to your psyche,
for example, or mess
your day up or whatnot.
What's actually going-- I've
always wondered about all these
things and how you tell a
dream from another dimensional
experience and hooking up to--
everything I mentioned in the
open, I find it fascinating.
So I'm really excited to talk
to the Theo group about it,
but you've had these
experiences for 40, 50 years.
>>GILLETTE: I have had.
And when I started being the
trance channel that I am,
I would get that paralysis.
And I would be laying
flat and my body,
I wouldn't be able
to move my body.
And that was part of
doing the work with Theo.
>>REGINA: It's scary though.
When it first happens, you
don't-- and a lot of people
watching have had these
things happen and don't know
what's happening to them.
So it's frightening.
We always are frightened of
what we don't understand.
>>GILLETTE: It is.
And what I realized
and what I was told,
it was the way of the
body protecting itself
so it doesn't short circuit
in the nervous system
because the nervous system
is our electrical system.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And we forget that we are--
above everything else,
we're electrical beings.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
Yeah.
And in the beginning,
that energy of our soul
is bigger than our body.
And it extends out farther
than our physical body
and it's connected to
our nervous system.
And that's how we can sense
when we're in a safe place.
We learn that from birth.
>>REGINA: But yet when you
get into circles such as ours
and the Gaia
community, people are
very loose in talking
about, well, you
have to be in your body.
And that isn't what that means.
This has multiple meanings.
And I know I've
played with it a bit
and had some disastrous kind
of results that happened.
So that's why I thought we
need to get clarity on all this
and build a proper
language around it.
>>GILLETTE: I agree.
I agree because so many
people are opening up now.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And that's the
way of the world these days.
That's who we are.
We're spiritual beings.
We're souls having
a human experience.
And now we're really
waking up to life
is happening through us
and for us, not to us.
And we are powerful,
creative beings.
>>REGINA: And we're
going to be having
a lot more of these
types of experiences
that we've been talking about.
>>GILLETTE: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so if we can
understand the mechanics of it,
then we can be at peace and
relax while these things are
happening, I think, better.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: And then I also
need some techniques.
For example, I'm hoping Theo
can share a technique or two
on if you bungle it getting
back together in the morning
from dream time,
snap back to flight
me, snap back so fast that
I'm disoriented for hours.
I can't really-- I'm
dizzy and disoriented.
I can't get integrated.
How we can work with that.
And probably breath,
but we'll find out.
We'll see what Theo
has to say about it.
>>GILLETTE: That would be good.
>>REGINA: It reintegrate
because I think a lot of people
have that issue as well.
>>GILLETTE: It will
help all of us.
>>REGINA: It will
So I have a whole list
of questions here.
Are you ready to let
Theo flow on through?
>>GILLETTE: I am.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GILLETTE: Here we go.
>>GILLETTE: It is the
beginning, is it not?
>>REGINA: It is.
Thank you so much, Theo, for
joining us on this today.
We have many, many
points of confusion
on this planet of
what's happening
between the various parts of our
being, the electrical system,
the physical body, the
astral body, the etheric, all
these different causal,
all these different bodies.
All the books give
them different kinds
of capacities and such.
But in the end, I don't
think we really understand
how this works that well.
So if you wouldn't
mind, I'd like
to ask a lot of questions
about dream time, dream
time with others, going to other
dimensions, being out of body,
and safety, and how we integrate
if we bungle it and so forth.
Are you OK with that?
>>GILLETTE: We are appreciative
of the opportunity to serve.
In the asking, it is given.
>>REGINA: Very good.
Thank you.
So let's start really
simply with when
we go into dream
time, that place where
we're no longer cognizant
and our body is sleeping yet
we seem to be elsewhere, can you
tell us about what part of us
is no longer--
or if that part is no longer
connected to the body or maybe
just by a tether,
and what's just
random firing of the brain?
Can you just explain the
architecture of dream time?
>>GILLETTE: Dream
time can be part
of the brain releasing the
energy of the day, clearing,
just like you would
clear your computer hard
and software that can
be deleted if you would.
So some dreams are
those dreams which
are just deleting energy that
it does not need to hold on to.
But then there are
other dream states,
they are out-of-body
experience, they
are flying dreams where the
soul can leave the body.
Yes, there's a tether.
All you have to do is think
body and you're back in it.
You're not going
to lose the body.
Many are fearful of that in
dream of flying or out-of-body
experiences that they
would not get back.
They always will.
It allows the soul to be in
its multidimensional expression
for higher learning with
teachers and other experiences
that human bodies
are not available to.
>>REGINA: Explain that,
that human bodies are not
available to.
What stops us?
>>GILLETTE: The density.
The density--
>>REGINA: The density
of the human--
of the third dimension
or fourth dimension.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And so the soul is eternal.
And the Earth is one
choice of learning.
There are billions.
And so the soul can go in
and out of the body at will
because as this evolving
consciousness is occurring,
there's an awareness that
that's available to you.
>>REGINA: So when you're leaving
the body and just have that
little tether, and you're
going into another dimension
of learning, is this often a
part of the dream time that
can't be expressed or remembered
per se because it is quite
different from our--
kind of the architecture of
the reality around us here
that we're familiar with?
>>GILLETTE: Yes, that's correct.
Because humans think
in their human minds
conceptually of things that
it knows in picture form.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: So if
we would say chair
to you, what comes to mind
is not the word spelled out,
it's the image of
a chair, isn't it?
And that's true as one's
deciphering information,
the mind is attaching
to what is known.
So if you do not know something
from your multidimensionality,
then you would not have a
picture of it or think of it.
>>REGINA: So a lot
of that teaching
is something that our being
is, is being inculcated
into our being, but
we're not necessarily
going to have remembrances
or awarenesses of that.
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now in dream time, deciphering
between what is a dream,
maybe there isn't a
difference, and what
is simply having another
dimensional experience where
you're out and acting, and
meeting with, and doing,
and fully aware in
another dimension,
is there any difference
between those two?
>>GILLETTE: Not much.
>>REGINA: What would be the
distinguishing difference?
>>GILLETTE: The distinguishing
experience of it
would be memory.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GILLETTE: A dream,
you'll remember
or you will remember
parts of it.
But most often, when this
experience is happening,
there is an
awareness that you're
dreaming in which would be
called lucid dreaming, being
in the dream conscious
of its occurrence,
and that's
informational dreaming.
It could be prophetic.
It could be answering
a question for you
that's been posed before
this sleep state in answer
to what is asked.
So there are many ways to use
the dream time to inform you.
>>REGINA: What happens
when you and another person
go into dream time, you see
each other in dream time?
Maybe two or three of you,
you recognize each other
in dream time and you appear
to be working towards something
in common during dream time.
Is that an agreement where
the souls have simply
met up to work things through
in a less dense environment?
>>GILLETTE: It's by
agreement, yes, this meeting.
>>REGINA: Because a lot of
times when people say, oh,
I had this wild dream
and I was doing this,
and I was this person
and everything,
I'll get the sense that
you were with them.
You were with this other being.
You have met.
It's not just some
crazy, random firing
of the brain that's
been concocted.
You are actually meeting with
this other being for purpose.
How would you say
to the audience--
how would they know the
difference between those two?
>>GILLETTE: How it feels.
It's important to not only think
of the vision or the dialogue,
whatever you might be
receiving, but also
most important is how
do you feel about it?
For you may have a vision that
could be violent in context,
but not feel violent at all
because the message that's
being given you is
something you need to know.
And so the feeling aspect
of it is informational.
>>REGINA: Right.
It's not that you're involved
in an act of violence,
that it's getting your attention
to teach you something.
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: But you
can be in a situation
where something is
happening that does
feel quite threatening
emotionally and physically
in that moment.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And that's
informational as well.
What's going on in
your environment?
What's happening around you?
Is it a message to you or
is it a message to another?
>>REGINA: Right.
I can bring by--
I mean, I have all
kinds of dreams.
I can bring a few in
by way to illustrate
what's going on that I think
maybe other people have had.
In one dream, it
was the re-- that
was the reentry from dream
time back to the body, kind
of going through layers.
And in this particular
layer, it appeared
to be the layer more
of an astral realm
where people who have passed
over but aren't settled yet
exist.
And I ran into a
woman in that realm.
And it was much more gray and
not very vital in the colors.
And she wanted to
be acknowledged.
So I acknowledged her
in a really nice way,
but she wanted to touch me.
And I said something
kind to her to stop
any kind of physical
interaction between us
because it felt to me
like I was actually
in another place at that time.
Do we pass through
different realms
where we're encountering
these beings?
>>GILLETTE: You can
and know that you're
in the awareness of
the multidimensionality
for you are in a
multidimensional being.
Your soul is
multidimensional and eternal.
So you can be in other
dimensions with that awareness.
>>REGINA: I read after
that, that if you do end up
in that place where you do
feel that you're encountering
some disincarnate entities
who are just kind of lost,
they haven't settled
yet, it's important
not to tangle up
physically, that that
wouldn't be a good idea.
That's what I had read.
What is your thought on that?
Is there truth in that or not?
>>GILLETTE: There's no harm.
>>REGINA: No harm can happen.
>>GILLETTE: That's
the great sense
that you could be
harmed in some way.
No.
>>REGINA: You cannot be
when you're in those other
dimensions.
>>GILLETTE: And
nothing, no one, not
anyone can do anything
with you or to you
without your permission.
>>REGINA: And this-- yes,
very important to remember.
OK, what about what we call
out-of-body experiences?
Let's look at how that
differs from what we've
been talking about dream time.
>>GILLETTE: Out-of-body
experiences is an awareness
that you're out of
your body, you're
witnessing the body
beneath you, and that it
is an awareness at
that period of time
that you are a multidimensional
being and awareness
in your conscious state.
And then you can
begin to navigate what
you want to do out of the body.
But initially, it could
be a bit shocking.
>>REGINA: I rolled out of my
body into a field of plaid one
time.
I didn't know what to
do with it so I just
popped myself right back in.
I thought, what is this?
I just rolled out.
I was lying in bed and I was
in a field of plaid lines.
>>GILLETTE: So there's an
awareness, is there not?
That everything's geometric.
Plaid is a geometric
form, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And
color has vibration.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: And so what
you did as you rolled out
of the body, your
consciousness aligned
with what was occurring with
what was known intellectually.
>>REGINA: OK.
And I don't know--
I mean, I'm sure many people
when they leave their body,
that it's common to see
grids and vector points,
and that kind of thing,
which, as you say--
>>GILLETTE: Yes, you can,
but it's not a constant.
It depends on the individual.
>>REGINA: Right.
So now leaving your
body-- as you just
said, if you're
leaving the body,
you're actually outside
of yourself and aware
and can look down
on yourself, kind
of like near-death experiences
that people describe, right?
What about when you need to
simply send your awareness
somewhere to get
information in what's
called more remote viewing?
What's happening
there when you can
send your consciousness to
a distant location and view
things?
>>GILLETTE: So it is
remote viewing actually.
>>REGINA: But what part
of you is going there?
Is it just an intention
of entanglement?
>>GILLETTE: And it's intention.
It's intentional and
it's vibrational.
Everything has vibrational
frequency to it
so you're going on those
lines of vibration.
>>REGINA: So your mind
is more or less kind
of entangling with those
lines of vibration,
you have an intention, and it's
taking you to the destination
so that you can bring
back information.
That's not the same as being
out of the body, right?
>>GILLETTE: That's different.
Yes.
Being out of the body
is like by locating.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And there have
been many gurus or teachers who
have the ability to put
their body in Samadhi,
which is the paralysis state.
It appears it's dead, the body.
It is not.
It's just being held in
state, you might say,
for the soul to
leave the body and be
in another place
at the same time.
And there have been many
stories written of this
from past history,
but this can be more
the normal experience
of the human experience
in the fifth
dimensionary energy.
And that's the recognition
of master heard or awareness,
or social connectedness in that
awareness of knowing you're
more than your physical body.
>>REGINA: So this is
something that you
see coming up as our
human potential becoming
more common, a more common
occurrence for humanity.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And that's why there are
so many interested in it
because they're on the
edges of that awareness
and knowing and
wanting to know more.
>>REGINA: Because I feel
like something was watching
I'm talking to people, they're
confusing being out of body
with remote viewing
when they say,
I've just went and
got this information.
And sometimes that's
a little confused.
That's why I wanted you to
break down what that one
feels like versus the other.
>>GILLETTE: It is
a bit different,
but similar in many
ways, isn't it?
That is why it's so confusing
because there are similarities
because of the
multidimensionality of all
of the things
you're speaking of.
>>REGINA: So when you have an
out-of-body experience and you
leave the body dormant somewhere
safe, in a quiet, safe space--
you've done this, and you
can't have any body near you
when you do this.
It's very disturbing
to the field.
What part of you is leaving
the physical body when you're
talking about out-of-body?
>>GILLETTE: So as we said,
your soul is multidimensional.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: So there
is that part of soul
that is alive in the body
that gives the mind life.
And that allows
that part to stay
in the body for that's life.
Yes.
And then the other
awarenesses of this soul,
and it's difficult to
describe for you have not
an awareness of what that
could be in your thinking, that
will come more so as there's
great insights into the mind
and the functionality
of it as well.
Those parts of yourself that
are not keeping the body alive,
and that's part of your
awareness in your brain,
your mind, can leave the body
and have other experiences.
And it's all-- like every
cell of your body is you.
You could take your cell
out and make another you.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
So would it be fair--
I mean, just using the
parlance of one system,
of saying that maybe the
lower mind part of the soul
stays with the body and the
higher mind part of soul
is the one that's free to leave
while the body is remaining
under the control of the lower
mind, the body mind, the animal
mind?
>>GILLETTE: One could say
this, for lack of a better--
>>REGINA: Exactly, just finding
a very simple language for it.
OK.
All right.
So one of the things that--
it was a regression I had.
Actually, it wasn't
a dream, years ago.
But one of the things back, and
this was in very early times,
in Lemurian times and
we were doing this.
There were some
people that did this.
You would sit your
body down somewhere,
as you said, and put
it into a quiet state,
as you've done in this lifetime.
And then we would
leave the body,
but we were joining with other--
in this case, with
birds, large birds.
And we would, with their
permission, join together
and we would fly together.
And it was really wonderful.
You could feel everything
that the bird felt.
And the bird was in
agreement with it.
That's all.
Just in agreement.
They didn't usually joy
ride or they didn't usually
waste energies flying around
for kicks, mostly for prey.
But is that the part you
would say was going with that
bird at that time?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so can
this still happen today?
Can people still merge
with other species?
I know that was a long
time ago when we were
configured very differently.
I get that.
In today's world, is it
possible that we can still
do something like this to be
able to merge with an animal
if our intention and
practice was strong enough?
>>GILLETTE: You can,
but you would not
merge physically with it,
but you could sense and feel
what they're feeling.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And that is part
of your shamanic background.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: The shapeshifting
is what you're talking.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And becoming something else.
You can experience
something else, yes,
just like you are experiencing
a human experience.
>>REGINA: OK.
Yeah, and that experience it
was taking part of my being
and allowing it to
flow into the bird
to have a joint experience.
It was their body
and a higher part
of another part of my mind,
another dimension of mind.
And it was exhilarating and fun.
It was what we did
for entertainment.
In the day, there
was no Netflix so it
was a very joyful experience
and it wasn't uncommon,
and it wasn't harmful.
>>GILLETTE: No.
With proper intention.
>>REGINA: With proper
intention, to be respectful.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, respect.
You could call that love.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So the closest we
get to that for the most part
now is in flying dreams.
So can you talk
about flying dreams.
Some people have a lot of them.
Some have none.
Some would love to
and start and fall
because they become afraid.
What's going on
when we're sensing
these magnificent flying dreams?
>>GILLETTE: What you're
experiencing is freedom.
And that's what's exhilarating.
You're not encased
in the physical form
and you have the freedom to
be omnipresent, if you would,
to feel as we feel
in that omnipresence.
We are only encased in
this physical existence
by permission of the jailer
to speak to you in this form,
but we are in that realm of
omnipresence energetically,
of no space and time.
>>REGINA: So is it simply
symbolic in the dream
or are we actually in an
experience of breaking
free from physicality and we're
moving through space and time
and we're just sensing
it or remembering it?
>>GILLETTE: You're
remembering it.
Yes.
You're giving yourself
permission of that freedom.
>>REGINA: So for
people who would
love to do this or
remember this experience,
what would you say, by
way of a little tutorial,
to people who would
like to have more
of that experience of
freedom during dream time?
>>GILLETTE: Believe it first.
It won't happen unless you
believe in its possibility.
It is the human conscious
state, the intellect,
that is the barrier to
all your experiences
and the judger of all of them.
So as you're releasing
your judgment
into the realm of
possibility thinking,
you open the door for,
yes, it can happen.
For if you think
you can, you can.
If you think you
can't, you can't.
Yes?
So belief is the
barrier between you
and your multidimensional
experiences.
>>REGINA: OK.
So having set an
intention and know you're
perfectly capable of this.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And then you may have
some fear of the unknown.
Be adventuresome.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes, that's a good place
to be adventuresome,
is in dream time.
I meant to ask you something a
little earlier before we close
the subject of dreams, and that
is once we're out of our body
and we're having these other
dimensional experiences,
some of them can take
us quite far away
from this dimension in reality.
And I have found, for
example, if something happens,
like a very loud
noise or pressure
on the body from my dog
or Zeus, or something,
that I snap back so
fast I'm disoriented
for quite a long time.
It really kind of
ruins the morning.
If we snap back too
quickly and have
this sense of lack
of integration,
what are some techniques we can
use to reintegrate ourselves?
>>GILLETTE:
Breathing, of course.
Deep breathing.
Deliberate deep breathing,
filling the lungs
and exhaling completely
several times.
You can count to it,
taking several deep breaths
in five to six, exhaling
the same count out.
And water, drink water.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GILLETTE: And put your
bare feet on the ground.
>>REGINA: OK.
Water, breathing, get
your feet on the ground.
Get grounded physically.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And breathe into that as well.
>>REGINA: OK.
Excellent.
Another area of being in
dream time and collaborating,
like we were talking
about a little bit ago,
has to do with healing.
How much of our healing does
or could be taking place
during dream time if
we simply understand
there are aspects
of ourselves working
with other beings and
other dimensions that
are perfectly capable of
bringing physical effect?
>>GILLETTE: That's true.
And intention can be
achieved in that as well.
But it's also to place
intent in loving the body.
We hear so many humans
berating the physical body,
and it's magnificent.
>>REGINA: That's a miracle.
>>GILLETTE: And
the body is always
trying to find its homeostasis.
What you call healing,
we call balancing.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Coming
into full balance.
So loving the body, energizing
the body, saying it's
whole, healthy
functioning perfectly.
And the body will inform
you of what it needs,
whether it's
supplementation of nutrition
or even if it needs a
balance of medication,
homeopathic or allopathic.
Both are good.
Both come from the
same source actually.
Many think that
not, but it's true.
>>REGINA: It is true.
>>GILLETTE: So it's awareness.
>>REGINA: And can
you ask to be--
can you ask to have healing
partnerships during dream time?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And then
you will have teams
of beings that know how to
do this properly working
with the human matrix.
They will come.
>>GILLETTE: Of course.
In the asking, it is given.
And they're just
waiting to be asked.
>>REGINA: This is
another problem we have.
This is a big problem.
All of these
wonderful beings that
are underemployed
by humanity, can you
talk about that for a moment?
How much help is actually there
and how little we actually
tap into it consciously?
>>GILLETTE: Very little.
We cannot even describe the
enormity of what is there
for you.
You don't have a
perception of it.
And understand this, no
limitation to space and time,
that omnipresence
of what we speak.
And your free will, your soul's
power, the master that you are,
there is no one other in the
universe greater than you.
So your will, your power
will not be usurped.
That's why in the
asking, it will be given.
You're making
welcome that input.
>>REGINA: Is it a
little bit painful
to watch from the other
side, that we're floundering
around not even asking
for magnificent help
that could be given
because of the limitations
of the human intellect?
>>GILLETTE: It's
a bit frustrating,
but we like to look
at it humorously.
>>REGINA: I'm sure you do.
I always joke about it
as guides on a smoke
break with not much to do.
>>GILLETTE: Only we don't smoke.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Only you don't smoke.
OK.
This is a fun-- this
is kind of a fun dream,
but it can get into
some other areas.
I had a dream one time.
There was this lovely woman in
my hometown, very well known
in our hometown at the time.
She was in marketing and
kind of everybody knew her.
She was the town queen.
Lovely lady.
And I had a dream that she
and I were at an event.
It was a party of some kind.
And we decided to play a trick
on some of the other people
by choosing to
consciously swap bodies.
So we were going to
each get out of our body
and send our consciousness into
the other one and tell people,
you can ask me a question
and I can answer it
as though I'm her.
And so they would be
able to test us and see
if what had happened is true.
I mean, there was a
little twist at the end
because she was 40 years
older and wouldn't give me
my body back.
But the notion of being
able to do something
like this, what
was actually going
on in a situation like that?
>>GILLETTE: So you
did exactly what
you said you were going to do.
You have the power to
do that, to exchange,
to become the other person.
That's what actors
do, do they not?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
>>GILLETTE: They
become that personality
that there are to act.
>>REGINA: But we brought all the
knowledge and history with it
into each other.
We could feel us
leaving our bodies
and re-entering the other body.
>>GILLETTE: So you've
answered your own question.
>>REGINA: So that is
what was going on.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So people
have the capability
to do this in dream
time, but do we or are
we going to be able to
develop the capability
to do this in waking time?
>>GILLETTE: You already have
the capability of doing it.
It's just knowing
you have that power.
We probably should not
use the word power.
It's off-putting.
>>REGINA: Yes, it's a little
off-putting, but the ability.
>>GILLETTE: The ability.
Because people are afraid
of power, aren't they?
>>REGINA: Of being overpowered.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So is there ever
a time or an advantage
where one could change
bodies, just experience
the other person's
body for a bit?
Tell us in what conditions, once
we develop the understanding
this is possible and
the capability to do it,
where and when this
could be actually useful.
>>GILLETTE: Only by permission.
>>REGINA: By
permission, of course.
>>GILLETTE: But more it's
useful for the individual
to recognize that they're
more than their physical body
and more capable of many things.
So it's more just a
confirmation of it.
>>REGINA: Well, it's
more than just walking
a mile in someone's shoes.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
So there's compassion
and understanding
that can be achieved.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: But not only are
you carrying whatever they've
learned and the knowledge,
as you speak of it,
but everything else
that's not yours to carry.
>>REGINA: Right.
Yes, it's a fascinating
proposition.
I thought it was interesting,
at least in the dream.
Let's talk about--
OK, I want to talk
about one other thing
before we go to
another subject, which
has to do with people who
are encountering or meeting
with what appear to
be off-planet beings
and having experiences
in dream time.
But before that, the whole
notion of saying, oh,
you're not in your body.
You need to get in your body.
When people say
this, sometimes I
don't think they really know
what they're talking about.
As you say, the soul and this
multidimensional aspect of self
is far larger than
the human body.
And so what do you take to
mean by a healthy connection
between the two?
>>GILLETTE: We find
that statement,
you need to get in
your body, a judgment.
>>REGINA: I do too.
I find it a judgment.
>>GILLETTE: And it's offensive.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So please explain what
actually is taking place?
>>GILLETTE: What is taking
place is on the individual that
thinks you need to
be in your body has
some issue with possibly the
interaction that is being had.
But if you are ungrounded
in your body, you know that.
You can feel it in your cells.
And you can do things
that can ground you
in the body if necessary.
>>REGINA: But not get--
and I made the mistake one
time of trying to pull myself
into my physical body.
And I got about this far
and had a screaming headache
and started crying.
I thought, oh my God,
that would be pure torture
to live in the human,
inside the body--
>>GILLETTE: You can't pull
all that energy into this one
physical--
>>REGINA: No.
>>GILLETTE: --container.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So the reality is
we are connected.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And are we
connected through the organs,
through the chakras.
Where are our primary
connection points into the body?
>>GILLETTE: The chakras.
Yes.
But every cell.
>>REGINA: Because it permeates.
>>GILLETTE: It does.
>>REGINA: We permeate all of us.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, but
it's more than that.
You're more than this physical
body and the energy of the soul
is much larger than that.
If you were to extend your
arms out from your shoulders,
you could imagine
to begin imagining
the energy of your
body extending out
from your fingertips,
your soul's energy.
You could touch
the opposite walls.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: You can feel the
density of that with intention.
>>REGINA: So we're so much
larger, so much greater, so
much more multidimensional
than we have the capacity
to understand.
And one of the
things that you just
said a moment ago that
I think is so terribly
important is there's so much
help and we don't ask for it.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: What could
life look like for us--
what could life look--
OK, let's say we all woke
up tomorrow and realize
we have this vast system
of help around us.
What could life look like
for humanity, any one of us
individually, if we realize
that starting this moment?
>>GILLETTE: Ease and
grace, not the difficulty
of feeling like you're pushing.
You'll be receiving
intentionally
all these systems should
desire for it's open to you.
>>REGINA: And yet as human
beings, part of the journey
is to learn how to deal with
challenge, overcome challenge,
but what better way than
to ask for a little help?
>>GILLETTE: Receptivity
is your greatest lesson.
>>REGINA: Because there's
something in us that feels
undeserving because of--
we can go into that in
another conversation,
the various beings who've
come by this planet
and who have exerted
influence and made humans
to feel less than and small.
And this continues to this day.
We've given our power away
to pretty much everything
and everybody, to
doctors, to preachers,
to politicians and teachers.
That's what we do.
We give our authority
and power away.
And you're-- I'm going--
I would like you
to comment on that.
>>GILLETTE: Of course.
You have spoken with us
about our knowing of this
and why we've come, to encourage
and to teach you as a species
how to recognize and bring this
fragmentation that occurred
between your human
self and your soul
into cohesiveness in the
recognition of the magnificence
that you are, the soul
integration process.
>>REGINA: Yes, no
more worthy journey.
That's the journey that matters.
And we've had so much--
covered so much.
I'm going to save the whole
ET thing for another day.
We'll have another
conversation about that.
We'll just stay with
the human matrix for now
in our own capabilities.
And Theo, I want to thank you
so much for explaining some
of these things to us
and for reminding us
that all the help is
there if we just ask,
and that we're so capable
if we just believe.
>>GILLETTE: If you could
see ourselves as we see you,
there would be no discontent.
There would only be love.
You are complete
with your asking.
>>REGINA: I am.
Thank you, Theo.
>>GILLETTE: God's love unto you.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>GILLETTE: Good day.
>>REGINA: Hello, Sheila.
>>GILLETTE: Hi, Regina.
>>REGINA: That was fun.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, good.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
we got into a lot
of different topics about the
human potential, the parts
of ourselves that we don't
even think about, that we don't
understand, that we fear even.
And I thought Theo did a lovely
job explaining some things that
are misunderstood.
But one of the things we talked
about was how we're just--
we can't even
comprehend how much help
is just right here around
us waiting to be asked,
and myself included.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And I know better.
And when I ask, I just laugh.
I'm so shocked at
the creative ways
in which help comes that I would
never imagine just by asking.
>>GILLETTE: You know
what I start doing?
Theo's encouraged us before we
even put our feet on the floor
in the morning, is to think
of something we're great--
one thing we're
grateful for, one thing
we're proud of ourselves for.
And the third thing
that I do is I
say, I am open and receptive
to all angelic assistance now,
this day.
>>REGINA: Perfect.
>>GILLETTE: So those are
my three things before I--
>>REGINA: Say them one
more time for all of us.
>>GILLETTE: Be grateful for
one thing, be proud of yourself
for one thing, and ask
for angelic assistance
every morning.
>>REGINA: I love it.
I know that it works.
It absolutely works.
And I feel like such a dumdum
myself that I hesitate to--
I just don't think to ask.
I think, oh, I'll
muscle through this.
No, we don't have
to do it that way.
>>GILLETTE: Well, what do we do?
We wake up in the
morning and we start
thinking about the things
we didn't do yesterday,
the things we have
to get done today.
I mean, our mind goes to work.
>>REGINA: So
repetitive and boring.
>>GILLETTE: So it's like,
stop, do those three things,
and then go.
>>REGINA: I love it.
And I know that your
life since I've known--
I've known you, I don't
know, maybe 12 years or so.
A while.
Quite a while now.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Your life
does flow with what
seems to be grace and ease.
And one way you can tell
is that you don't change.
You don't age.
Everything seems to
come when you need it.
It doesn't mean you
don't have challenges.
We all have them.
But you live that life
of grace and ease.
>>GILLETTE: I've
been a good student.
>>REGINA: You have been
a very good student.
And you've been a wonderful
teacher for everyone
here as well.
So Sheila, thank you
so much for joining us.
And your "Art of Relationship"
book is coming out.
And so next time
we get together,
we'll talk about that.
>>GILLETTE: I'd love to do that.
>>REGINA: OK, very good.
Thank you so much, Sheila.
>>GILLETTE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I hope this has been
enlightening and educating
on some of the more
common human phenomena.
Meanwhile, you can reach Sheila
and the Theo group's events
by going to AskTheo.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.